What is 204? Tender/Revision/Cancel.

What is 214? Status update Pickup or Delivery.

What is 217? Invoice.

What is 990? Accept or Reject.

What is 997? Acknowledge Receipt of File.

What is Alias? A code used for site association. (Usually, it’s mapped to N104 element in the EDI file.).

What is Attribute? an item used in the creation of rules to help narrow down to which EDI's/Orders the rule applies to.

What is A&L? Accounts and Locations, now Accounts, a J.B. Hunt 360 module that we use for looking up accounts, locations information, and manually set up site associations.

What is Backfill? Order information from the new Orders system will be synchronized back to legacy systems.

What is Bizlink? System that grabs the “dropped” EDI Files and updates the information in the database accordingly. (Create, Change, Cancel, etc.).

What is Bot? a program designed to automate manual processes.

What is BTC? (Bill-To Code, or Bill-To Account) a 4-to-6-digit code that specifies to which account the billing services should be applied.

What is Business Unit? High-Level category of Order/Load types (JBI, DCS, etc.).

What is Cancel? an EDI load tender 204 file from a customer that has ‘01’ as B2A01 element for cancellation of the order.

What is Change? an EDI load tender 204 file from a customer that has ‘04’ as B2A01 element for an update of the order.

What is Corporate Account/Customer Account (CA / Corp Acct / Cust Acct)? a singular bill to account for a company (or the company which own said company) which can have several subordinate singular accounts under it. [ex: Coca Cola has the Corporate Account of COCHOY which then has 50 other Bill-To accounts subordinate it.].

What is Customer Code (Cust Code)? Generic term for any code for a Solicitor, Shipper, or Receiver.

What is Default Rules? Set of basic standard rules that are applied to (nearly) all Trading Partners when setting them up for testing.

What is Destination? (See Receiver).

What is Do Not Auto Accept? Tag used to specify that Orders received belonging to the associated Bill-To's or Trading Partners, will not automatically turn into a JB Hunt Load. All received Orders will need to be manually accepted to become a JB Hunt Load.

What is Duplicate? 2 site associations that have the same Corporate Account, same alias code but different location codes. Duplicate is not allowed for site association.

What is EDI (Electronic Data Interchange)? Inter-company, computer-to-computer transmission of business information in a standard format. Transaction types are identified by 3-digit numbers (204, 990, etc.).

What is EDI Lookup (EDI Raw Data)? Website interface used to query for and view the EDI data (in its raw form) of a specific Order. Also used to verify data integrity.

What is EOM (Enterprise Order Management)? Legacy system used for order creation, cancellation, and change management.

What is Fleet Code? Code describing a more specific branch (or Fleet) of a Business Unit.

What is Headless? a web browser without a graphical user interface.

What is Host? A 3270 emulator in which we can access data in legacy mainframe system.

What is KANBAN Board? Our Kanban board resides in ADO that was designed to be the one location to keep track of EDI Testing workflow.

What is Load Number (Load #)? JB Hunt Load Number is a 7-character alpha-numeric code used to identify a particular shipment. Orders must be assigned a JB Hunt Load Number to be considered a JB Hunt Load.

What is Mapping? to associate EDI elements from incoming files with JB Hunt systems data.

What is OM? Order Management, now Orders, a J.B. Hunt 360 module we use for order creation, cancellation, and change management.

What is Order Number (Order #)? Numeric value used to identify a particular shipment. Is assigned to the shipment once the EDI file has been processed.

What is Origin? (See Shipper).

What is Original? an EDI load tender 204 file from a customer that has ‘00’ as B2A01 element.

What is Pick-up? (See Shipper).

What is RCVR? (See Receiver) .

What is Receiver? where the shipped load is to be delivered to .

What is Resultant Action? what the rule is supposed to apply to the EDI/Order.

What is SCAC? short for ‘Standard Carrier Alpha Code’? A 2-to-4-character alphabetical code found in the 2nd element of the B2 segment of an EDI, as well as in the UCR created from it. Can be used in rules when a TP has more than one SCAC.

What is Service Offering? Code or description of the services required to handle the Order, such as Refrigerated (Reefer) or Flatbed (Trailer with no sidewalls or roof).

What is Ship ID? alphanumeric value (special characters as well) used (and issued) by the Shipper to identify a particular shipment. Sometimes referred to as a “Pro Number”. (The B204 element in a 204 file.).

What is SHPR? (See Shipper).

What is Shipper? where the load is to be picked up from for shipping.

What is Simpleton? rules that do not require the shippers or the receivers in them.

What is Site code? a 2-to-4-character code that represents an address for a specific physical & geographical location.

What is T1 (Tier-1)? rules that require shippers site code/s or receiver site codes/s but not both.

What is T2 (Tier-2)? rules that require both shippers and receivers site codes .

What is Tender? When a shipment is offered to a Carrier or JB Hunt driver.

What is TONU? (Truck Order Not Used) When a truck arrives at a Shipper to be loaded and the shipment has been cancelled.

What is TP? (See Trading Partner).

What is Trading Partner? a JB Hunt grouping of BTC's and services for a specific customer.

What is WDIO? short for Web Driver IO, a progressive automation framework built to automate modern web and mobile applications.
